A handful of plugins for vim all maintained in one bundle subdirectory, useful vim configuration, espacially for Rails coding. All plugins are included as submodules, so you can get plugins updated in one command that makes life easier.

== One Line Installation:

  bash < <(curl -s https://raw.github.com/wongyouth/vimfiles/master/install.sh)

== Old School Installation:

  # Checkout configuration files
  git clone git://github.com/wongyouth/vimfiles ~/vimfiles

  # Create symlinks
  ln -s ~/vimfiles ~/.vim
  echo "source ~/.vim/vimrc" > ~/.vimrc

  # Switch to the `~/.vim` directory, and fetch submodules
  cd ~/.vim
  git submodule init
  git submodule update

  # install bundles
  Launch vim, run :BundleInstall (or vim +BundleInstall +qall for CLI lovers)

== Usage

* :Helptags for build vim plugin doc
* F4 for paste toggle
* F7 for NERDTree toggle
* F8 for taglist toggle
* F12 for mouse toggle
* CTRL-B for showing BufExplorer
* <leader>cc for comment out
* <leader>c<SPACE> for removing comment mark
* <leader>a= for tabular =
* <leader>a: for tabular :
* <leader>a> for tabular =>
* '<c-y>,' for zencoding
* <c-e> for sparkup
* yss- for <% -%>
* yss= for <%= %>
* refer to plugin doc for more help

<leader> in most cases is "\\" key.

== vim plugins included in the submodules

* {*vundle*}[https://github.com/gmarik/vundle] Vundle, the plug-in manager for Vim

== vim plugins included in bundles

=== plugins from tpope
* {*fugitive*}[https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive] a Git wrapper so awesome, it should be illegal

* {*rails*}[https://github.com/tpope/vim-rails] Ruby on Rails power tools, offers the following features for Ruby on Rails application development.

* {*unimpaired.vim*}[https://github.com/tpope/vim-unimpaired] pairs of handy bracket mappings

* {*surround*}[https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround] quoting/parenthesizing made simple

* {*abolish*}[https://github.com/tpope/vim-abolish] easily search for, substitute, and abbreviate multiple variants of a word

* {*speeddating*}[https://github.com/tpope/vim-speeddating] use CTRL-A/CTRL-X to increment dates, times, and more

* {*repeat*}[https://github.com/tpope/vim-repeat] enable repeating supported plugin maps with "."


=== utility

* {*matchit*}[https://github.com/edsono/vim-matchit] extended % matching for HTML, LaTeX, and many other languages

* {*delimitMate*}[https://github.com/Raimondi/delimitMate] provides insert mode auto-completion for quotes, parens, brackets, etc.

* {*togglemouse*}[https://github.com/nvie/vim-togglemouse] Toggles the mouse focus between Vim and your terminal emulator, allowing terminal emulator mouse commands, like copy/paste.

* {*The-NERD-Commenter*}[https://github.com/vim-scripts/The-NERD-Commenter] A plugin that allows for easy commenting of code for many filetypes.

* {*tabular*}[https://github.com/godlygeek/tabular] Vim script for text filtering and alignment

* {*zencoding*}[https://github.com/mattn/zencoding-vim] vim script support for expanding abbreviation like zen-coding.

* {*sparkup*}[https://github.com/rstacruz/sparkup] A parser for a condensed HTML format

* {*jsbeautify*}[https://github.com/vim-scripts/jsbeautify] a javascript source code formatter. <leader>ff

* {*preview*}[https://github.com/greyblake/vim-preview] previewing markup files(markdown,rdoc,textile,html)

* {*rename*}[https://github.com/wojtekmach/vim-rename] Rename a buffer within Vim and on disk. :saveas

=== tool for explorer

* {*taglist.vim*}[https://github.com/vim-scripts/taglist.vim.git] Source code browser (supports C/C++, java, perl, python, tcl, sql, php, etc)

* {*ctags.vim*}[https://github.com/vim-scripts/ctags.vim] Display function name in the title bar.

* {*nerdtree*}[https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree.git] A tree explorer plugin for vim

* {*bufexplorer*}[https://github.com/corntrace/bufexplorer] With bufexplorer, you can quickly and easily switch between buffers

* {*ctrlp*}[https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim] Fuzzy file, buffer, mru and tag finder


=== filetype syntax highlight

* {*less*}[https://github.com/groenewege/vim-less] vim syntax for LESS (dynamic CSS)

* {*vim-markdown*}[https://github.com/plasticboy/vim-markdown] Markdown Vim Mode

* {*vim-rdoc*}[https://github.com/depuracao/vim-rdoc] Rdoc Vim Mode

* {coffee-script}[https://github.com/kchmck/vim-coffee-script] CoffeeScript support for vim

* {*vim-css-hex*}[https://github.com/mamut/vim-css-hex] Highlights hex codes in css files with colors they representa (only work in gui env)

=== snipmate

* {*snipmate*}[https://github.com/garbas/vim-snipmate] snipMate.vim aims to be a concise vim script that implements some of TextMate's snippets features in Vim

* {*snipmate-snippets*}[https://github.com/honza/snipmate-snippets] vim-snipmate default snippets

* {vim-addon-mw-utils}[https://github.com/MarcWeber/vim-addon-mw-utils] vim: interpret a file by function and cache file automatically

* {tlib}[https://github.com/tomtom/tlib_vim] Some utility functions for VIM

=== color scheme

* {*blackboard*}[https://github.com/rickharris/vim-blackboard] Textmate's Blackboard theme for vim (with iTerm2 theme)

* {*solarized*}[https://github.com/altercation/vim-colors-solarized] precision colorscheme for the vim text editor
